---

copyright:
  years: 2015, 2020
lastupdated: "2020-12-10"

subcollection: assistant-data

---

{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:new_window: target="_blank"}
{:external: target="_blank" .external}
{:deprecated: .deprecated}
{:important: .important}
{:note: .note}
{:tip: .tip}
{:pre: .pre}
{:codeblock: .codeblock}
{:screen: .screen}
{:javascript: .ph data-hd-programlang='javascript'}
{:java: .ph data-hd-programlang='java'}
{:python: .ph data-hd-programlang='python'}
{:swift: .ph data-hd-programlang='swift'}

# Plan information
{: #services-information}

The assistant that you build is hosted by {{site.data.keyword.icp4dfull_notm}}.
{: shortdesc}

### Artifact limits
{: #services-information-limits}

Information about the artifact limits is available from the topics that describe how to create the artifacts, so you can refer to the limits when you need to know them. Here are links to the topics:

- [Assistants](/docs/assistant-data?topic=assistant-data-assistant-add#assistant-add-limits)
- [Counterexamples](/docs/assistant-data?topic=assistant-data-irrelevance-detection#irrelevance-detection-limits)
- [Dialog nodes](/docs/assistant-data?topic=assistant-data-dialog-tasks#dialog-tasks-node-limits)
- [Entities](/docs/assistant-data?topic=assistant-data-entities#entities-limits)
- [Inactivity timeout](/docs/assistant-data?topic=assistant-data-assistant-settings#assistant-settings-session-limits)
- [Intents](/docs/assistant-data?topic=assistant-data-intents#intents-limits)
- [Integrations](/docs/assistant-data?topic=assistant-data-deploy-integration-add#deploy-integration-add-limits)
- [Logs](/docs/assistant-data?topic=assistant-data-logs#logs-limits)
- [Skills](/docs/assistant-data?topic=assistant-data-skill-add#skill-add-limits)
- [Versions](/docs/assistant-data?topic=assistant-data-versions#versions-limits)

## User information
{: #services-information-user-based-plans}

A unique user is recognized by the user ID that is associated with the person that interacts with your assistant. It is your responsibility to pass the user ID information to the service. {{site.data.keyword.conversationshort}} checks for the following information from API requests in this order:

  1.  **user_id**: A property defined in the API that is sent in the context object of a `/message` API call. Using this property is the best way to ensure that you accurately attribute `/message` API calls to unique users. For more information about the user ID property, see the API reference documentation:
  
    - `context.global.system.user_id`: [v2 API](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/assistant-data-v2#message)
    - `context.metadata.user_id`: [v1 API](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/assistant-data-v1#message)

  1.  **session_id (v2 only)**: A property defined in the v2 API that identifies a single conversation between a user and the assistant. A session ID is provided in `/message` API calls that are generated by the built-in integrations. The session ends when a user closes integration or after the inactivity time limit is reached.

      If you use the stateless v2 `/message` API, you must specify the session_id with each message in an ongoing conversation (in `context.global.session_id`).
      {: note}

  1.  **conversation_id (v1 only)**: A property defined in the v1 API that is stored in the context object of a `/message` API call. This property can be used to identify multiple `/message` API calls that are associated with a single conversational exchange with one user. However, the same ID is only used if you explicitly retain the ID and pass it back with each request that is made as part of the same conversation. Otherwise, a new ID is generated for each new `/message` API call.

Design any custom applications to capture a unique `user_id` or `session_id` and pass the information to {{site.data.keyword.conversationshort}}. Choose a non-human-identifiable ID that doesn't change throughout the customer lifecycle. For example, don't use a person's email address as the user ID. In fact, the `user_id` syntax must meet the requirements for header fields as defined in [RFC 7230](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2).

The built-in integrations derive the user ID in the following ways: 

- For web chat, you can set the value of the `user_id` property. For more information, see [Adding user identity information](/docs/assistant-data?topic=assistant-data-deploy-web-chat#deploy-web-chat-userid).

### Handling anonymous users
{: #services-information-billing-anonymous}

If your custom application or assistant interacts with users who are anonymous, you can generate a randomized universally unique ID to represent each anonymous user. For more information about UUIDs, see [RFC 4122](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4122.html){: external}.

- For web chat, if you do not pass an identifier for the user when the session begins, the web chat creates one for you. It creates a first-party cookie with a generated anonymous ID. The cookie remains active for 45 days. If the same user returns to your site later in the month and chats with your assistant again, the web chat integration recognizes the user.

## Service API versioning
{: #services-information-api-version}

API requests require a version parameter that takes a date in the format `version=YYYY-MM-DD`. Whenever we change the API in a backwards-incompatible way, we release a new minor version of the API.

Send the version parameter with every API request. The service uses the API version for the date you specify, or the most recent version before that date. Don't default to the current date. Instead, specify a date that matches a version that is compatible with your app, and don't change it until your app is ready for a later version.

The current version for both V1 and V2 is `2020-04-01`.

For API usage information, see the API reference documentation. Links for v1 and v2 are available from the table of contents. 

For an example of using the API, see [Testing the search skill by using the API](/docs/assistant-data?topic=assistant-data-skill-search-add#search-skill-add-test-via-api).
